add note on scaling default worker queue to zero (#1949)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-worker-queues.md

You can change all settings of the default worker queue except for its name.

> #### Scaling default worker queue to zero
> If you configure your default worker queue to have a minimum workers of zero there is a subtle additional side effect:
> the Astronomer monitoring DAG will be configured to run on separate queue that is listened to only by a tiny worker sidecar
> in the scheduler pod. The monitoring DAG will still serve it's purpose of making sure tasks are able to run on your deployment.
> The reason for this subtle difference, is that the default worker queue cannot effectively scale to zero if the monitoring DAG
> is creating tasks every 5 mins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Scaling the default worker queue to zero

If you configure your default worker queue to have a **Minimum Worker Count** of 0, the `astronomer_monitoring_dag` runs on a separate, non-configurable worker queue that always has an available worker for running the DAG. You will not be charged for any task runs that occur on this queue.
```

Author: @jwitz might be worth mentioning that this non-configurable queue is "resource usage" or "cost" optimized if we're not going to leak the implementation detail of it being on the scheduler pod as a sidecar.
